feature - v21.03.0 update (#66)
dgraph-io/charts: charts/dgraph-lambda/README.md

#### Deploy Dgraph Alpha

> Dgraph Alpha will need to be configured with the `--graphql lambda-url=<url>` argument (see: [lambda server](https://dgraph.io/docs/graphql/lambda/server/)) to support `dgraph-lambda`.  You can use environment variables to configure this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dgraph Alpha needs to be configured with the `--graphql lambda-url=<url>` argument (see: [lambda server](https://dgraph.io/docs/graphql/lambda/server/)) to support `dgraph-lambda`.  You can use environment variables to configure this:
```

```bash
helm install $DGRAPH_REL dgraph/dgraph \
  --namespace $NS \
  --set alpha.extraEnvs[0].name=DGRAPH_ALPHA_GRAPHQL \
  --set alpha.extraEnvs[0].value=lambda-url=http://$LAMBDA_REL-dgraph-lambda.$NS.svc:80/graphql-worker
```

> The `DGRAPH_ALPHA_GRAPHQL_LAMBDA_URL` environment variable will point to Dgraph Lambda service that will be deployed in the next step.  The format Dgraph Lambda domain name is formatted as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DGRAPH_ALPHA_GRAPHQL_LAMBDA_URL` environment variable points to Dgraph Lambda service that will be deployed in the next step.  The format Dgraph Lambda domain name is formatted as follows:
```
